and so the beauty guys
cool I'm back with one more box
is free market step that haiti
it's taking too long
come on and here is the name of the tracking o
product is in this box is this
mask is the maracava mask of protection
to brake dust wind bicycle note
I bought because here where I live in
broken brake
okay and will work on it to use it
was 27 reais and nine cents
Yeah, it was posted on day 3 of 11 and it was
delivered on the 7th and 11th
personal beauty
so let's open this all done
Right here it 's all legal.
I did not want staff It 's a boy I'm waiting for
help the channel beauty and writings
functional that was not inscribed beauty
personal and china buying the 23 có
Oh my, this is my fight, who has
nothing worse the site has nothing here in
box
here is the edict
We stuff is good comfortable here
details of him
the seam
in them things but not here and with a
stupid son
I get a nose
his plan here as if it were a
cloth of a flannel
this detail here
This one puts it here.
right the following we will show how
It's okay, let's go then , back.
here o
the legal're got ball and show only very
really cool
I liked good stuff, I was wearing a
coat a hood at dawn in the cold tá
the ball show looks personal
Who liked it and that little lady to help?
the channel is also enrolled in the channel and
visit the partner channels
It's with your help that we
go ahead
I really liked that camera.
the attraction